`ocaml-eglot-occurences` as an alias for `xref-find-references` (#19)
tarides/ocaml-eglot: README.md

- `ocaml-eglot-find-type-definition-in-new-window`
- `ocaml-eglot-find-type-definition-in-current-window`

### Find occurences

> Returns all occurrences using `ocaml-eglot-occurences` of the
> identifier under the cursor. To find all occurrences in the entire
> project, it requires indexing the project. This can be done by running
> `dune build @ocaml-index --watch` when developing.  Requires OCaml
> `5.2` and Dune `3.16.0`. See the
> [announcement](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ann-project-wide-occurrences-in-merlin-and-lsp/14847/1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ocaml-eglot-occurences` returns all occurrences of the
identifier under the cursor. To find all occurrences in the entire
project, it requires an index. This index can be created by running
`dune build @ocaml-index --watch` when developing.  Requires OCaml
`5.2` and Dune `3.16.0`. See the
[announcement](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ann-project-wide-occurrences-in-merlin-and-lsp/14847/1).
```
